(Usagi) Dearest Mamo. I heard
there's going to be a video game
event happening today.
You get to play all the games
you want and meet a famous game
idol.
Even Taiki will be making a
live appearance!
It's too bad I'm not in the mood
for it, Mamo.
It'd be so much better if you
were here to help cheer me up.
Hm?
Chibi-Chibi?
[panting]
Hm.
Ooh.
(Usagi) "Butterflies of Light: A
New Chapter on the Horizon."
It can't be.
No, it's definitely hers!
It's the energy of our
princess!
It's gone!
It was faint but I'm absolutely
certain that it was the
princess's energy.
If it really was her, that
means she has to be nearby.
[gasps] What?!
(Sailor Tin Nyanko) Master
Galaxia?
It disappeared, but it was
definitely hers.
Is there something the matter?
Silence! Be quiet!
Meow.
It's the energy waves of the
one who opposes me. So she
must be close to awakening.
♪♪ Your scent remains, oh
still it lingers. ♪♪
♪♪ Hear my voice, the
words I sing to you. ♪♪
[crying]
(Usagi) I had no idea about the
Star Lights' planet.
How it was destroyed in such a
horrible way.
♪♪ I need you to answer for
me. Please answer me.
Answer for me. ♪♪
Chibi.
Hi Usagi, how are you?
Hey, there's a video game
event going on today.
You wanna go? We can play all
the games we want for free!
You should come with us it'll be
super fun!
Chibi?
That's nice, but I'm not
really in the mood for any
games right now.
Oh all right, well I hope you
can at least get some rest
today.
But listen! If you end up
changing your mind, feel free
to come and join us, okay?!
So, what'd she say?
She's not in the mood right
now.
I was hoping our invitation to
play video games would help
cheer Usagi up.
Her depression seems to have
gotten worse these past few
days.
It's true. Ever since she
went to go see The Three Lights
concert she's been so quiet.
She's hardly talked to anyone.
The Three Lights, huh?
I don't know why but they
really hate Usagi.
You're the reason for everything
bad that's happened to us,
Sailor Moon!
But Usagi's wants to be their
friend.
Yeah exactly. Why can't they see
that?
Isn't there any way we can
make them understand?
How can we make them
understand when they won't
even see us anymore?
I was meaning to tell you girls
about this sooner but I tried
emailing...
Taiki just the other day.
Actually I did it through his
official fan club page.
Huh?! Really?! So what did he
say?!
I asked him to write back but
I haven't heard anything.
Wow it almost sounds like you
were writing him a love letter,
Ami. You're quite the sly one!
No it's not like that. Can we
please stay on topic here?!
We can't let it go on like
this. I'm sure that Seiya and
the others will understand.
Mhm.
Yeah you're right, Ami.
Let's create an opportunity
where we can get together and
talk things out.
Good idea.
Yeah, let's give it a shot!
Mhm.
[sighs] Still no reply.
It looks like there's no use
in sending emails through
their fan club page then.
Maybe they got it and they're
just ignoring it.
[sighs]
There's got to be another way
we can reach them. Huh?!
(Minako) Hey, this article
says...
Taiki's gonna make a guest
appearance at that video game
event!
(Emcee) Today's special guests
are game idol Reiko Kanagawa.
And the one and only Ko Taiki
of the Three Lights!
Hi! We've got lots of great
events today, so have fun
everyone!
And later, you can look forward
to a special present from both
of us!
All right, let's go!
Yeah!
You're really wearing those
silly outfits?
Come on Ami. This is how it
always works at game
conventions!
Hurry up and change!
Then Taiki'll notice us!
[screams]
[screaming] All right!
Woohoo! Taiki!
Guess we're not the only ones
with that plan.
(Ami) [sighs] He's so close but
we can't even get near him.
We've got to do whatever it
takes to stand out in the crowd!
Yeah we just have to get
Taiki's attention!
Ami! Hurry up and go change
already!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
[evil chuckle]
Give it up, it's no use!
[nervous breaths]
(Announcer) For everyone who is
participating in the next video
game tournament...
please gather at the entrance
gate.
Huh?
(Announcer) The winner will
receive a commemorative
shield...
and a special prize from Ko
Taiki himself.
Looks like we'll have a better
chance by playing video
games!
(Ami) Special attacks. Nine-hit
combos.
What do you say Ami, you think
you can manage?
I don't know, I've never
played a fighting game before.
But I think I've got most of
the basic moves down for
this game.
(Emcee) Next player, step
forward!
Coming!
Hmph! I won't lose to a middle
school kid! I got skills! I
trained at Crown!
[grunting]
[grunts/screams]
I hate these kinds of games
that don't let you win!
Yes! I think I might be able
to beat this kid!
(Mako) Hey! No, stop! Wait a
minute!
[defeated sigh]
Everyone.
It looks like we're not going
to make it.
Leave us, and hurry on to
Taiki.
All right. I promise I won't
lose!
(Emcee) Please welcome our two
finalists!
Ha!
You can do it Ami!
Hang in there, you're gonna do
great!
Look at that outfit! I'm so very
proud.
[grunts]
[screaming and cheering]
This is so embarrassing.
Is that Ami?
Please go ahead and introduce
yourselves!
I'm Ami Mizuno, a first year
high school student.
I'm here today because I
had to meet Ko Taiki.
I see, so you're a big fan of
Ko Taiki, huh? Best of luck to
you!
I'm Yukihide Obayashi, known
as the Fighting Wolf.
I've never lost a video game
match to anyone, I mean...
...especially not to some idiot
fangirl!
(Emcee) We haven't even begun
and things are already getting
pretty intense!
Now it's time to get this game
started! Let's begin by having
you select your characters!
This one will easily kick
her butt!
Then I'll go with this
character!
Ready set go!
She's such an amateur. There's
no way she can beat me with
that character!
If I beat him, I can meet Taiki.
I've got to win at all costs!
She's actually pretty good!
[screaming and cheering]
I have to win! I have to meet
with Taiki and make him
understand!
[grunting]
I have to win! I just have
to!!
I did it!
[gasps]
(Emcee) K. O.! Ami Mizuno is the
winner!
Impossible.
She did it! All right!
Thank you. Good match. It was
nice playing with you.
And now the moment we've all
been waiting for.
Ko Taiki will present our winner
with the commemorative shield
and prize!
Congratulations.
Huh?
Taiki, please, we need to
talk.
So go ahead. I'm listening.
I wanted to talk with you
about Usagi.
Oh well if that's the case,
then I'm not interested. You
can leave now.
No. I won't leave until you
hear me out. Please!
Fine then let's get it over
with.
Taiki, please give Usagi
another chance to explain.
She isn't the one who's causing
any of your problems.
She's an honest and kind-hearted
girl who brings joy and love to
everyone around her!
Maybe that's how she is with
you girls, but that's definitely
not what she represents to us.
The fact that she almost got
Seiya killed not once but
twice...
just proves that Usagi's nothing
but trouble.
You really believe that?
Uh.
Because what you said just now
didn't sound like you really
meant it.
Please, I'm begging you to open
your mind and heart so you can
see Usagi for who she really is!
She's someone who gives
unconditional love and
compassion to everyone.
No matter who they are I think
you already know this!
Yes it is a fact that Seiya got
hurt by trying to protect Usagi
that day.
But I think I know why
he did it.
Imagine if the roles were
reversed.
Taiki. If you saw someone that
you cared a lot about...
and it was clear they were in
great danger, what would you do?
I'm sure that, you would have
done the same thing.
(Reiko) [scream]
Huh?
[scream]
[sly laugh]
I am Sailor Gamer!
Hold it right there!
Who are you?
How dare you terrorize
everyone's favorite game idol,
Reiko Kanagawa!
Douse yourself in water, and
repent!
I hate water, so no thanks.
Sailor Gamer, take care of that
girl!
Wind Forest Fist!
Tornado Cooling Fist!
Mercury Aqua Rhapsody!
Banishing Explosive Kick!
[grunting]
Taiki. Wait, don't go.
It's all for the best. This
planet's problems are none of
our concern.
Chibi?
[sigh]
[sigh] What a nice smell.
Hm?
Chibi-Chibi!
Chibi-Chibi, where did you get
that?
Get that!
The smell of that incense
burner. It makes me feel calm.
(Usagi) I wonder why?
Chibi-Chibi.
Mhm. Oh, I almost forgot.
Let's go check out this video
game event. All the games are
free!
[grunting]
[chuckles] Are you ready to
give up?
I can't lose here. I can't
keep relying on Sailor Moon!
[snickers] I guess not.
If I do, then it's no
different than being a burden
to Usagi!
Special Kill: Sonic Beam!
[gasps]
Jupiter Oak Evolution!
You can leave the real battles
to me!
We're ready to fight some
battles too!
And since today is a special
occasion, I'm gonna fight you
in this outfit!
You guys are ruining my moment
here.
Hmph! Your dumb outfits are no
match for me.
Fullstun!
[screams]
Mathunder!
I can't believe you just
abandoned her like that!
Don't you think we're all
forgetting something important
here?!
We shouldn't be ignoring someone
who needs our help.
What would the princess say if
she saw how we were acting?
Hm.
As far as I'm concerned, what
we've been doing here is wrong!
I just...
I just can't do this anymore!
(Ami) I'm sure that you would've
done the same thing.
I guess she's right. If I were
in that situation, I'd do the
same thing.
Taiki! What is it with those
two?
[attack yell]
[screams]
[groaning]
[grunts]
I can't lose.
[chuckles] It's
game over for you!
I just can't.
[chuckles]
No matter what I can't lose!
This fight is not a game to
me!
Star Gentle Uterus!
[screams]
I can't watch this anymore.
Let's settle this quickly!
Please stop!
Listen to me, don't kill her!
Don't be so naive. Your life
is in danger ya know! Fighter?
You see that? They haven't
given up yet.
They're risking their lives to
save everyone even that Phage.
When we were attacked by
Galaxia, all of us abandoned
our home world.
But now I wonder was that really
for the best?
Are you saying we should have
stayed and died along with our
people?
I'm saying that if we give up,
it's all over.
(Sailor Moon) Hold it right
there!
Is that her?
[quite cheers]
How dare you!
These kids spend all their
allowance to play these video
games.
And you're ruining their
favorite pastime. It's
unforgivable!
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for
justice.
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
Sailor Moon!
You made it!
Now! It's time to lend us your
power!
[chuckles] Right!
Silver Moon!
Crystal Power Kiss!
[screams] Beautiful!
Now I get it. Sailor Moon truly
is a light of hope to you
people.
She's got a radiance that
refuses to go out.
We didn't stand a chance
fighting in our cosplay
outfits.
Yeah, I sure learned my
lesson! [laughs]
[laughs] Learned my lesson!
For the record...
what happened today doesn't mean
we're ready to accept everything
about you.
Fair enough.
But something tells me that
eventually, we will all come to
understand each other.
Are your wounds ok?
Yep, don't worry.
[sigh of relief]
But thanks a lot, Bun-head.
[laughs]
Chibi-Chibi.
Huh? Yeah, let's go home.
Mom's probably starting to
worry.
Probably!
[laughs] Awe, don't be in such
a rush. [laughs]
[laughs]
This scent. It's the princess!
But why is it coming from
them?
(Minako) Hey, do you know what
my dream is?
(Usagi) To become an idol, duh!
(Minako) What's your dream,
Usagi?
(Usagi) To get married to Mamo!
[laughs]
(Minako) Looking back, it's been
a long, tough journey.
But my dream's about to become a
reality!
(Usagi) You mean you're really
going to become an idol,
Minako?!
(Minako) That's right! The wait
is finally over people! Here's
Minako!
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Go for Your Dream:
Minako Becomes an Idol."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.